[KEP-0009] feat: add expression based assertions (#576)
kudobuilder/kuttl: docs/testing/reference.md

collectors:
- type: pod
  pod: nginx
resourceRefs:

>   - apiVersion: apps/v1
>     kind: Deployment
>     namespace: kube-system
>     name: coredns
>     ref: coredns
> assertAll:
>   - celExpr: "coredns.spec.replicas >= 2"

Reviewer: Let's keep the indentation consistent, and use a ref different from the name just to make it easier to see what is what from the example:
```suggestion
- apiVersion: apps/v1
  kind: Deployment
  namespace: kube-system
  name: coredns
  ref: coredns_deployment
assertAll:
- celExpr: "coredns_deployment.spec.replicas >= 2"
```

timeout       | int    | Override the TestSuite timeout for this command (in seconds).

*Note*: The current working directory (CWD) for `command`/`script` is the test directory.

## Resource References

The `Resource References` objects are used by `TestAssert` for declaring identifiers for expression based assertions.

Field         |   Type | Description
--------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------
apiVersion    | string | apiVersion of the target resource.
kind    | string | Kind of the target resource.

> namespace    | string | Namespace of the target resource. When not specified, defaults to the auto-generated namespace.

Reviewer: Technically the namespace can be set statically by the user using a flag, so let's use a more generic description:
```suggestion
namespace    | string | Namespace of the target resource. When not specified, defaults to the  namespace of the current test.
```
